Project 1 :

I am a local artisan from a small town, I have a pizzeria.
I want a website to have an internet presence and so display my menu and my products.
Customers must be able to order.
I sell several types of products: Pizza, Sandwich, Dessert and Drinks
Pizzas, Sandwiches and Desserts are represented by a name, a list of ingredients and a price.
Beverages are represented by a name and a price.
The concern is that each type of product has a different taxes (VAT).
For drinks, the VAT is 21% for alcohol, 19% for non-alcohol, for sandwiches and desserts 19% and for pizza 17%.


Project 2 :

I am director of an auto-mobile center.
I want to get a simple application where I can list my park vehicle, with availability for each car.
A car is represented by a name, a model, a manufacturer, a number of horses, diesel or gasoline and a color. Of course, we must also know if this car is currently available in one of our centers
The car manufacturer is represented by the name of the company, the year of creation and an address (head quarters).

The problem is that I have 3 agencies: one in Metz, one in Luxembourg and one in Germany.
Each agency has its own availability according to the car models.
An agency is described by an address, a city.

I must know, at any time, the complete catalog and know if this or that car is available in this or that agency.


Project 3 :

Hello ,we are a club sport (snowboard/skateboard).
We are very active on social networks and post a lot of videos.
We would like a site that allows us to highlight members and videos!

It is therefore necessary to list all the members of the team.
A member is represented by a name, a nickname, a photo, the size of the snowboard and goofie / regular.
A video has a title, a description and a date.
It should also be possible to know which rider is in which video.


Project 4 :

Hello, I opened my ephemeral clothes shop a year ago in Nancy.
It works well for me and I would like to develop my business with a mobile website.
I must be able to present my clothes on my site with photos and a description for each product (tshirt, caps ...).

A product is represented by a name, a description, a category, a price and a photo.
Attention, a product is unique and therefore we do not manage the stock. Once a product is sold, it is removed from the site.

I have two agencies : Nancy and Luxembourg.
I want to check where the product is available